Different deployment strategies for prod, stage, and dev (#1714)
mdn/yari: docs/deployments.md

# Deployment Environments

## There are 3 environments

1. Prod - developer.mozilla.org
2. Stage - developer.allizom.org
3. Dev(s) - [main].content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud

## Ground rules

Prod and stage are supposed to be as similar as possible.

All environments are as separate from each other as possible.

You can manually trigger a build for any environment (using the GitHub UI)

> but only prod and stage are building on a cron job.

Reviewer: Super nit!
```suggestion
but only prod and stage build on a cron job.
```
